A cup of tea, a pack of cigarettes, a bug a day. yi bei cha yi bao yan,yi ge bug gai yi tian. 
wei le ce shi, zai jia yi chuan luan qi ba zao de shu zi ba. 345670987654567890-0987#$%^&&^%$#2
According to the complexity of video semantic segmentation scene, researchers improved the multi convolution kernel and the up sampling processing method of FlowNetSimple in this chapter, so as to obtain the NFS network with stronger ability to extract the information of optical flow field;
For the segmentation task stage of video semantic segmentation model, based on the multi-scale aggregation upper sampling module MAU in Chapter 3, the dual self attention aggregation upper sampling module £¨DSAAU£©is proposed to enhance the segmentation effect of video frames. The experimental results after cross comparison are shown in table 4.3.
The results of cross contrast experiments show that the experimental group which uses NFS network to transfer optical flow field and DSAAU module to achieve the best results of all the current control experiments. Compared with the combination of the original optical flow transfer method flownetsimple and the multi-scale aggregate sampling module Mau, the accuracy of category segmentation is increased by 6.5%, the accuracy of category segmentation is increased by 4.7%, and the segmentation speed is equivalent. Thus, the validity of the NFS network and dual self attention sampling module proposed in this chapter is verified.
However, compared with the image semantic segmentation network in Chapter 3, the segmentation accuracy of video semantic segmentation network in this chapter is slightly reduced, and the category accuracy and category accuracy are reduced by 3.6% and 3.6% respectively 2.3%, the main reason is that the video semantic segmentation network only extracts the features of key frames, while for similar video frames, the optical flow feature transfer method is used to obtain the approximate feature map. This operation will cause the loss of some information, which is shown as the decline of segmentation accuracy. However, the speed of video semantic segmentation can reach 23.6 FPS, which is much faster than the 6.3 FPS of image semantic segmentation network.
Another experiment done by the researchers in this chapter is the comparison between video semantic segmentation network and dynamic video semantic segmentation network. Dynamic video semantic segmentation network is an important benchmark of video semantic segmentation direction. It consists of segmentation network and optical flow network. The former provides high-precision semantic segmentation results, but the segmentation speed is slow. The latter is much Among them, group A and group C pay more attention to the balance of segmentation accuracy and speed; group B and group D pay more attention to the real-time nature of segmentation.
Table 4.5 shows the performances(the corresponding category accuracy, category accuracy and segmentation speed) differences between the video semantic segmentation network and the dynamic video segmentation network in the video semantic segmentation dataset Cityscaps.

The experimental results show that the proposed video semantic segmentation network based on adaptive key frame scheduling and optical flow transfer achieves 83.7% category accuracy and 73.1% category accuracy on Cityscapes video dataset. Compared with the dynamic video semantic segmentation model, the category accuracy is improved by 4.4% and 1.5%, and the overall segmentation effect is better. In terms of segmentation speed, the video semantic segmentation model in this chapter is similar to the DVS-D group, which has the fastest segmentation speed, and basically meets the requirements of real-time. 
In general, the decision confidence is used as the basis of key frame scheduling in the dynamic video semantic segmentation model, and the segmentation results will be affected by the selection of threshold. In this chapter, the video semantic segmentation model comprehensively uses the adaptive key frame scheduling strategy, the NFS network to enhance the information of optical flow field, and the dual attention up sampling module, which effectively improves the segmentation accuracy and speed of the video semantic segmentation network.
